Guides: Latency (#2928)
neondatabase/website: content/guides/latency.md

2. **App and database in same region (datacenter) connecting over private network \-** 1ms to connect, 1ms to query \[Not exactly possible on Neon, you can connect through PrivateLink but it doesnt save you any time\]
3. **App and database in same region (datacenter) connecting over public network** \- 3ms to connect, 1ms to query \- This is the fastest way to connect that is accessible to all Neon users. What you’re doing here is picking the same AWS or Azure region for your database and your application (be it serverless, like lambda functions on AWS, or serverful).
   1. You still use the publicly routable address of your database, but data is traveling 0 miles so it is very fast.
   2. This doesn’t mean your app has to be running on AWS directly, for example Vercel runs infra on AWS so picking the same Vercel and Neon region has the same effect.
4. **App and database in different region \-** Now we get into that compounding effect

### Minimizing time spent answering the query

Until you start to scale, the vast majority of your standard database queries are going to execute in single digit milliseconds.

[Docs Tips]

## Definitions

### Serverless

> [Docs serverless terminology]

Reviewer: Our definition in the docs is minimal: https://neon.tech/docs/reference/glossary#serverless
This feature guide goes into more more about "what serverless means to us":
https://neon.tech/docs/introduction/serverless
I could revise our glossary term based on "what serverless means to us"

### Scale to zero

> When a Neon compute endpoint hasn't received any connections for a specified amount of time, it can [autosuspend](https://neon.tech/docs/introduction/auto-suspend).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a Neon compute endpoint hasn't received any connections for a specified amount of time, it can [scale to zero](https://neon.tech/docs/introduction/scale-to-zero).
```
